Handling of non-image files passed into sxiv
Should this be an error or warning, introduce a verbose option?
Recursive command line option (-r) would need to handle this already 

Why is (r)eload broken
Why does entering Fill modes only become effective on next image

(Now bound to C-x ^)
View mode keystroke (^) to go from title view (001) directly to data directory
Show all files in the currrent image's directory (Probably want to start this in thumbnail mode)

Inhibit Touchpad Button1
My laptop touchpad has a hair-trigger touch-to-click
For the purposes of this program <space> and 'n' work just as well
Need option to turn touchpad tapping off (Tap to click is main offender)
This could/should be a command line option at some later point in time

Thumbnail scaling
Tweak sxiv so thumbnail mode shows bigger image (thumbnail scaling)
	Zoom parameter on command line is for pictures only, not thumbnails
	Are new thumbnails created everytime I change size, or is scaling applied

Scaling Rationalization / Rationalize scaling modes
Reset scaling every time a new image is loaded
Zoom mode supercedes scaling modes
Mode parameters, e.g. zoom need to be reset every time a new picture is loaded
e.g. Reset scaling (zoom?) to a good default (based on mode) every time a new image is loaded
Should zoom be a display mode at all?
Would I ever use this - Most common use modes are 100% (scaled to display
Should get command line display mode characters to match keystrokes at runtime
Deprecate -Z command line option in favor of -z 100 or -s 

Consolidate arrow-key scrolling
Bind PgUp and PgDn to Next/Previous

---

Zoom mode, Fill mode
a.k.a. Widescreen mode, Pixel mode (Bind to ',' and '.' keys)
Tweak sxiv to autorotate whenever new aspect would result in more screen pixels
Should imply Height(E) display mode, Fullscreen window
picture height > screen height for this to make sense
Need a method to set rotation at +90 and -90 degrees
Do I want to accomodate 4:3 and portrait displays (May not be able to test)

Zooming tweaks
Quick way is just to add more stepsizes in config.h:zoom_levels
sxiv zooming should be done in smaller increments - Why use discrete steps at all?
Should this really be precentages relative to image size, or (some ratio of) window size
At a minimum, fixed step zooming should include steps for fit height/width

Fine Scrolling
Add Shift specifier to arrow keys in display mode (scroll 1/8 normal stepsize)
Note this currently relative to screen size - I think this should be image size

Cycle through picture list (Should this be _my_ default?)
Cycle though picture list instead of stopping at end
This would eliminate the need for my sp script for Xfce

---

Autoscroll mode
New mode - Open image widescreen, pan automatically top to bottom
I think I need to create an animated version of each file e.g. via imagemagick scripting
Take a look at Kodi screensaver, and see how it is done there

Tweak sxiv to delegate thumbnail management to Thunar - Perhaps make this app a Thunar plugin
Note sxiv thumbnailing system is independant from thunar/tumbler
Thumbnail management appears consolidated in org.xfce.tumbler.*
Should this app be dependant on specific window manager facilities?

sxiv '-a' (animate)  option should default to ON (Tweaked my command lines as workaround)
